I'll give you a minute.
Leave your cigarettes
How to do
I don't want to die yet.
We all fought him together
Fight
We're all really dead, I don't want to die yet
Can you be a dog for people?
What slave hatred
You were poisoned to beg?
Impossible to ask for
today
I used to laugh at you for being so mature
He also said that there are actually a lot of good people
Now it seems
I was wrong.
I'm sorry, you're almost done.
I forgive you.
If you are gentle, if there is no electricity for me
Please kill me
Let me die
At least it's still clean
Don't worry.
You don't die so easily
You never believed in Qi Tian's strength
I believe he will be able to protect us
Nippon Fitness
He should be showing his true strength now
If Xiaobai moves in a while
You protect them for me
Buddha Sword God
Since you are here
Then stay
master
An opportunity to fix our country
Great sorrow
Dare to make waves in my sea city
Look at you living people are tired of living